[IMP] MRP: Multilevel BoM updates (#12182)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/advanced_configuration/sub_assemblies.rst

Use a multilevel bill of materials (BoM) when a manufactured product is part of another assembly.
This method nests |BOMs| within other |BOMs|, organizing complex products while simplifying
manufacturing by defining each procurement and production step separately.

Sublevel |BOMs|
(subassemblies or semifinished products) streamline these workflows, helping with traceability
efforts.

Create a multilevel BoM
=======================

To set up a multilevel |BOM|, the top-level product and sublevel products' |BOMs| must be created.
If starting from scratch, build the |BOMs| from the bottom up. Start with the lowest-level product
|BOMs|, then include those products as components in higher-level |BOMs|.

.. seealso::
   Learn how to build a simple :doc:`bill of materials <../basic_setup/bill_configuration>`.

.. image:: sub_assemblies/sublevel-bom.png
   :alt: A bill of materials for a sublevel product.

Make the top-level bill of materials (BoM)
==========================================

After the sublevel products are fully configured, navigate to :menuselection:`Manufacturing -->
Products --> Products`. Then create the top-level product by selecting :guilabel:`New`. Configure

> the product's specifications as needed, and select :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer: We need to go to the same place to configure the sublevel products/BoMs. I'm not sure why these detailed steps are presented for toplevel BoMs, second, while there are no instructions to configure sublevel BoMs?
(feedback continued in comment below)

Once the top-level product is configured, select the :guilabel:`Bill of Materials` smart button on
the product form, then select :guilabel:`New` to make a |BOM| for the top-level product. Add the
sublevel products to this |BOM|, along with any other necessary components.

.. image:: sub_assemblies/top-level-bom.png
   :alt: A bill of materials for a top-level product, containing a subassembly component.

Manage production planning
==========================

The two options below are two of the best ways to manage manufacturing order automation for products

> with multilevel |BOMs|.

Reviewer 2: Agreed. The edits for this section are good AND it invites further development on another PR. This is working modularly while avoiding scope creep 👍

===============
Multilevel BoMs
===============

.. |BOM| replace:: :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`
.. |BOMs| replace:: :abbr:`BoMs (Bills of Materials)`

Use a multilevel bill of materials (BoM) when a manufactured product is part of another assembly.
This method nests |BOMs| within other |BOMs|, organizing complex products while simplifying
manufacturing by defining each procurement and production step separately.

Sublevel |BOMs| (subassemblies or semifinished products) streamline these production workflows, and
are beneficial when the subassembly is used across multiple finished products (meaning they'd appear
on multiple top-level |BOMs|). The more complicated a product is to build or procure, the more value

> a multilevel |BOM| can provide.

Reviewer: Great intro!! Clearly and concisely explains why we need to set up multilevel boms and how it helps the business. Amazing work here!

Reviewer 2: Seconding— this is a very good intro 👏

Create a multilevel BoM

> =======================

Reviewer: This section is absolutely fantastic! 🎉👏

You’ve done an amazing job clearly explaining how to configure sub and top-level BoMs using a strong example. The balance between contextual explanations and step-by-step instructions keeps the reader engaged while ensuring they understand both the "why" and the "how."

Truly incredible work here! 💖🙌✨

To set up a multilevel |BOM|, the top-level product and sublevel products's |BOMs| must be created.
If starting from scratch, build the |BOMs| from the bottom up. Start with the lowest-level product
|BOMs|, then include those products as components in higher-level |BOMs|.

> For example, a printed circuit board (PCB) for a custom keyboard would compose of hundreds

Reviewer 2: Great example (and relevant to our team too ^^ )

> For example, a printed circuit board (PCB) for a custom keyboard would compose of hundreds
> electronic components, such as transistors, resistors, and capacitors. Instead of listing all of

Reviewer 2: Quick grammar fixes.

```suggestion
For example, a printed circuit board (PCB) for a custom keyboard would be composed of hundreds of
electronic components, such as transistors, resistors, and capacitors.
```

those components out, a sublevel product and |BOM| for `PCB` is created, to track the quantities of
transistors and other small components, without needing to overcrowd the toplevel |BOM| for custom
keyboard with listing them. Instead, the custom keyboard's |BOM| consists of an assortment of
components and sublevel |BOMs| alike, like keycaps, switches, the PCB, and keyboard plate.

:doc:`Learn how to build a simple bill of materials <../basic_setup/bill_configuration>`. For the
PCB, this would include the transistors, resistors, and other components.

.. image:: sub_assemblies/sublevel-bom.png
   :alt: A bill of materials for a PCB.

After the sublevel products (like the PCB, keycaps, and keyboard plate) are fully configured, create
the top-level product by navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Products --> Products`, and
then selecting :guilabel:`New`. From here, configure the product's specifications as needed.

> Once the top-level product (the keyboard) is configured, select the :guilabel:`Bill of Materials`
> smart button on the product form, then select :guilabel:`New` to make a |BOM| for the top-level
> product. Add the sublevel products to this |BOM|, along with any other necessary components.

Reviewer 2: _Click_ is more natural choice for UI interactions involving buttons.
_Select_ is more appropriate for multiple options (like on a web form) and menus.

Adding the missing "and" conjunction makes the sentence grammatically sound.
```suggestion
Once the top-level product (the keyboard) is configured, click the :guilabel:`Bill of Materials`
smart button on the product form, and then select :guilabel:`New` to make a |BOM| for the top-level
product. Add the sublevel products to this |BOM|, along with any other necessary components.
```

.. image:: sub_assemblies/top-level-bom.png
   :alt: A bill of materials for a keyboard, containing a bill of materials for a PCB.

Manage production planning
==========================

The two options below are two of the best ways to manage manufacturing order automation for products
with multilevel |BOMs|.

> .. note::
>     Complex |BOMs| are specifically used to manage products that require manufactured components. If
>     a BoM is being created to organize components or bundle sellable products,
>     :doc:`use a kit <kit_shipping>` instead.

Reviewer 2: Good note 👍 
Just want to adjust the formatting quick as it would get caught on TR.
- align the indentation of the block to the "n" in **note**
- you can break some tags, like **:doc:** if they have spaces in them

```suggestion
.. note::
   Complex |BOMs| are specifically used to manage products that require manufactured components. If
   a BoM is being created to organize components or bundle sellable products, :doc:`use a kit
   <kit_shipping>` instead.
```
